fix: bugged schema.json for JSONC (#320)
webpro/knip: packages/docs/src/content/docs/reference/configuration.md

## JSON Schema

> A "@schema" field is a URL that you put at the top of your JSON file. This allows you to get red squiggly lines inside of your IDE when you make a typo or provide an otherwise invalid configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "$schema" field is a URL that you put at the top of your JSON file. This allows you to get red squiggly lines inside of your IDE when you make a typo or provide an otherwise invalid configuration option.
```

In JSON, you can use the provided JSON schema:

```json title="knip.json"
{
  "$schema": "https://unpkg.com/knip@3/schema.json"
}
```

In JSONC, you can use the provided JSONC schema:

> ```json title="knip.json"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json title="knip.jsonc"
```

{
  "$schema": "https://unpkg.com/knip@3/schema-jsonc.json"
}
```

> (It is recommended to use JSONC over JSON so that you can use comments and trailing commas.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use JSONC if you want to use comments and/or trailing commas.
```
